Add pages for dApps (#31)
open-5g/openrangym: _posts/ran-frameworks/2025-01-24-dapps.md

---
layout: post
title: "dApps: Enabling Real-Time AI-Based Open RAN Control"
date: 2025-01-24
category: ran-frameworks
author: Andrea Lacava

> short-description: Extendable applications deployed on the RAN unit

Reviewer: ```suggestion
short-description: Extendable real-time applications deployed on the RAN nodes
```

---

{% assign publications = site.data.publications %}

{% assign el = publications.publications | where: "name", "lacava2025dapps" %}
{% assign element = el[0] %}
{% capture pub_lacava2025dapps %}
{% include pub-template.html %}
{% endcapture %}

> Open Radio Access Networks (RANs) leverage disaggregated and programmable RAN functions and

Author: Check now
